Create CONTRIBUTING.md (#129)
ayazhafiz/slide: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

> Contributions to slide are warmly welcomed. Here's an overview of the code base of a slide and how to contribute!

Reviewer: I think there are two big kinds of contributions -- filing issues and writing code. Can you describe how people can file issues and that we appreciate when they do? You can also mention the slide-bot for testing slide programs quickly.

## Building
Slide is super easy to build. Clone the repo and run cargo test to make sure your framework is setup. 
Slide currently runs on the latest stable version of rust. As slide is in early development versions, it is currently

> not setup with a ui for applying rules without touching the codebase. 

Reviewer: I think it would be helpful to provide a code example here instead of words.

```
git clone ...
cargo build
# do your development
ladder test
```

Can you elaborate what you mean by "it is currently not setup with a ui for applying rules without touching the codebase."?

## Testing 

> Every contribution to slides must have tests. If your PR does not, tests will most likely be requested. Slide has its own 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally, each change to slide should include tests. Slide has its own 
```

> development tool called `ladder` that makes it easy to test for both errors and proper simplifications. It automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
development tool called [`ladder`](ladder.py) that makes it easy to test for both errors and proper simplifications. It automatically
```

Ladder should probably be its own section to go over the commands it has

Reviewer: Here it's probably enough to say "make sure you test unit tests, and if you're writing system tests, check out the [system test documentation](slide/src/test/README.md)"

tests all "cargo test" unit tests implemented. The entire test system is described under slide/src/test. Basically, one just
has to create a file with their issue number and add their expected input/output in the same file using delimeters. Please 
take a look at the previous files for more clarification.

## Where do I start?
Every contribution no matter how little matters. With that said, refer to the issues marked as good first issue or help wanted
to begin contributing to slide. 

> [![Github good-first-issue][![GitHub good-first-issue](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/rust-lang/rustfmt/good-first-issue?style=flat-square)]
> (https://github.com/ayazhafiz/slide/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
> [![GitHub help-wanted](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/rust-lang/rustfmt/help-wanted?style=flat-square)]
> (https://github.com/ayazhafiz/slide/labels/help%20wanted)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Github good-first-issue][![GitHub good-first-issue](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ayazhafiz/slide/good%20first%20issue?style=flat-square)]
(https://github.com/ayazhafiz/slide/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)

[![GitHub help-wanted](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ayazhafiz/slide/help%20wanted?style=flat-square)]
(https://github.com/ayazhafiz/slide/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22help+wanted%22)
```

Maybe it's better to put this section at the top of the file?

> If you ever get stuck, please feel free to reach out on the issue with questions/suggestionsfor implementations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you ever get stuck, please feel free to reach out on an issue.
```

# Contributing

Contributions to slide are warmly welcomed. Here's an overview of the code base of a slide and how to contribute!

## Building
Slide is super easy to build. Clone the repo and run cargo test to make sure your framework is setup. 
Slide currently runs on the latest stable version of rust. As slide is in early development versions, it is currently
not setup with a ui for applying rules without touching the codebase. 

## Testing 
Every contribution to slides must have tests. If your PR does not, tests will most likely be requested. Slide has its own 
development tool called `ladder` that makes it easy to test for both errors and proper simplifications. It automatically
tests all "cargo test" unit tests implemented. The entire test system is described under slide/src/test. Basically, one just
has to create a file with their issue number and add their expected input/output in the same file using delimeters. Please 
take a look at the previous files for more clarification.

> ## Where do I start?

Reviewer: also pls link the design doc

<h1> Contributing <h1>
Contributions to slide are warmly welcomed. Here's an overview of the code base of a slide and how to contribute!

<h2> Building <h2>
Slide is super easy to build. Clone the repo and run cargo test to make sure your framework is setup. 
Slide currently runs on the latest stable version of rust. As slide is in early development versions, it is currently
not setup with a ui for applying rules without touching the codebase. 

<h2> General Arhcitecture <h2>

> @todo Expand this to really give a better overview

Reviewer: make this a comment, we don't want to show it in the actual doc

Slide is built on a few parts. First, the scanner and parser are completely built within slide to handle input. Then, the
the parsed input is handled by the tranformation engine which attempts to apply all the built rules to the current statement.

> The output is the produced using slide's custom error messages!

Reviewer: this is probably better in a DESIGN.md

<h2> Testing <h2>
Every contribution to slides must have tests. If your PR does not, tests will most likely be requested. Slide has its own 

> custom framework called ladder that makes it super easy to test for both errors and proper simplifications. It automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
development tool called `ladder` that makes it easy to test for both errors and proper simplifications. It automatically
```

# Contributing 
Contributions of all kinds to slide are warmly welcomed. Here's an overview of the code base of a slide and how
to contribute!

## Building
Slide is super easy to build. To setup a simple environment do the following:
```
git clone {insert slide repo here}
cargo build
ladder test
# do your development
git commit -m {insert commit message}
git push 
```

This should allow you to create a fork of slide and push to your own github account! From here, you
can create a pull request with slide's development branch to make your awesome changes available to
all slide users!

## Issues
Issues are filed similar to any open source project. Create a new issue with the proposed
feature or bug, add labels and submit. If the issue is a bug make sure you add the exact steps
required to reproduce the bug so that it can be solved efficiently. Also, to showcase a broken

> expression, you can use slide-bot! (see below). Filing issues are certainly an underrated part of any open source project and we appreciate all issues of any magnitude!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
expression, you can use [slide bot](#slide-bot) (see below). Filing issues are certainly an underrated part of any open source project and we appreciate all issues of any magnitude!
```

## Testing 

> Generally, each change to slide should include tests. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally, each change to slide should include tests. See [slide tests](./slide/src/test/README.md) for testing instructions.
```

### Ladder
Slide has its own development tool called [ladder](slide/src/test) that makes it easy to test for both errors and proper simplifications. It automatically
tests all "cargo test" unit tests implemented. The entire test system is described under slide/src/test. Basically, one just
has to create a file with their issue number and add their expected input/output in the same file using delimeters. Please 
take a look at the previous files for more clarification. Ladder is normally used for unit tests. If
you are writing system tests, check out the system test documentation. (needs to be written for
link)

### Slide-bot
Slide-bot allows you to test slide commands in git issues! It's simple, just open up your issue and
use `/slide "{insert issue}"` and slide bot will respond to the issue with slides exact output!
For example
```
/slide "1+2" 
```
Slide bot would then comment `3` on your issue!

## Where do I start?
Take a look at the slide [design doc](docs/DESIGN.md) for a general overview of slides architecture.
Every contribution no matter how little matters. With that said, refer to the issues marked as good first issue or help wanted
to begin contributing to slide:
<br/>

> [![Good-first-Issue](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ayazhafiz/slide/good%20first%20issue?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/ayazhafiz/slide/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22) [![Github help-wanted](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ayazhafiz/slide/help%20wanted?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/ayazhafiz/slide/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22help+wanted%2)

Reviewer: Can we add this to the top of the file
